docs(kgo): add Konnect entities documentation (#8084)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_includes/md/kgo/konnect-entities-prerequisites.md

{% unless include.disable_accordian %}
<details class="custom" markdown="1">
<summary>
<blockquote class="note">

>   <p style="cursor: pointer">Before you create any Konnect entity, make sure you've <u>installed {{site.kgo_product_name}} and created a valid KonnectAPIAuthConfiguration{% if include.with-control-plane %} and KonnectGatewayControlPlane{% endif %}</u> in your cluster.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <p style="cursor: pointer">Before you create any Konnect entity, make sure you've <u>installed {{site.kgo_product_name}} and created a valid `KonnectAPIAuthConfiguration` {% if include.with-control-plane %} and `KonnectGatewayControlPlane`{% endif %}</u> in your cluster.</p>
```

</blockquote>
</summary>

## Prerequisites
{% endunless %}

{% include md/kgo/prerequisites.md disable_accordian=true version=page.version release=page.release kconf-crds=true %}

### Create an access token in Konnect

You may create either a Personal Access Token (PAT) or a Service Account Token (SAT) in Konnect. Please refer to the
[Konnect authentication documentation](/konnect/api/#authentication) for more information. You will need this token
to create a `KonnectAPIAuthConfiguration` object that will be used by the {{site.kgo_product_name}} to authenticate
with Konnect APIs.

> ### Create a Konnect API Auth Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create a {{site.konnect_product_name}} API auth configuration
```

Author: I'm not sure about lower casing this. I referred to [Writing for Kong](https://konghq.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/MT/pages/3018883164/Writing+for+Kong+Style+Guide) guide and it says:
> Use [title case](https://capitalizemytitle.com/style/Chicago/) for titles of pieces and calls to action. Use sentence case for all other headers.

This header is a call to action, so I'd keep it capitalized, WDYT?

Reviewer: Ah, the marketing style guide is different than the [docs style guide. ](https://docs.konghq.com/contributing/style-guide/#headings-and-page-titles). We specifically use sentence case for all headers.

Author: Fixed in 3100cd5

> Depending on your preferences, you might want to create a `KonnectAPIAuthConfiguration` object with the token specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your preferences, you can create a `KonnectAPIAuthConfiguration` object with the token specified
```

> directly in its spec or as a reference to a Kubernetes Secret. The `serverURL` field should be set to the Konnect API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directly in its spec or as a reference to a Kubernetes secret. The `serverURL` field should be set to the Konnect API
```

Author: I think we should stick to upper case as that's a Kubernetes resource name.

> URL in a region where your Konnect account is located. Please refer to the [list of available API URLs](/konnect/network/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
URL in a region where your {{site.konnect_product_name}} account is located. Please refer to the [list of available API URLs](/konnect/network/)
```

  serverURL: eu.api.konghq.com
' | kubectl apply -f -
```
{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab Stored in a Secret %}
Please note that the Secret must have the `konghq.com/credential: konnect` label to make the {{site.kgo_product_name}}
reconcile it.

```yaml
echo '
kind: KonnectAPIAuthConfiguration
apiVersion: konnect.konghq.com/v1alpha1
metadata:
  name: konnect-api-auth
  namespace: default
spec:
  type: secretRef
  secretRef:
    name: konnect-api-auth-secret
  serverURL: eu.api.konghq.com
---
kind: Secret
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: konnect-api-auth-secret
  namespace: default
  labels:
    konghq.com/credential: konnect
stringData:
  token: kpat_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
' | kubectl apply -f -
```
{% endnavtab %}
{% endnavtabs %}

You can verify the `KonnectAPIAuthConfiguration` object was reconciled successfully by checking its status.

```shell
kubectl get konnectapiauthconfiguration konnect-api-auth
```

The output should look like this:

```console
NAME               VALID   ORGID                                  SERVERURL
konnect-api-auth   True    <your-konnect-org-id>                  https://eu.api.konghq.tech
```

{% if include.with-control-plane %}

> ### Create a Gateway Control Plane

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create a {{site.base_gateway}} control plane
```

> Creating the `KonnectGatewayControlPlane` object in your Kubernetes cluster will provision a Konnect Gateway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating the `KonnectGatewayControlPlane` object in your Kubernetes cluster will provision a {{site.konnect_product_name}} Gateway
```

> Control Plane in your [Gateway Manager](/konnect/gateway-manager). The `KonnectGatewayControlPlane` CR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
control plane in your [Gateway Manager](/konnect/gateway-manager). The `KonnectGatewayControlPlane` CP
```

Reviewer: is CP right?

Reviewer 2: It's CR as in custom resource. You can see where the link is linking to: it has `custom-resources` in it. Hope that helps.

[API](/gateway-operator/{{ page.release }}/reference/custom-resources/#konnectgatewaycontrolplane) allows you to

> explicitly set a type of the Gateway Control Plane, but if you don't specify it, the default type is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
explicitly set a type of the {{site.base_gateway}} control plane, but if you don't specify it, the default type is
```

> a [Self-Managed Hybrid
> Gateway Control Plane](/konnect/gateway-manager/#kong-gateway-control-planes).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a [Self-Managed Hybrid
gateway control plane](/konnect/gateway-manager/#kong-gateway-control-planes).

```

You can create one by applying the following YAML manifest:

```yaml
echo '
kind: KonnectGatewayControlPlane
apiVersion: konnect.konghq.com/v1alpha1
metadata:
  name: gateway-control-plane
  namespace: default
spec:
  name: gateway-control-plane # Name used to identify the Gateway Control Plane in Konnect
  konnect:
    authRef:
      name: konnect-api-auth # Reference to the KonnectAPIAuthConfiguration object
  ' | kubectl apply -f -
```

You can see the status of the Gateway Control Plane by running:

```shell
kubectl get konnectgatewaycontrolplanes.konnect.konghq.com gateway-control-plane
```

If the Gateway Control Plane is successfully created, you should see the following output:

```shell
NAME                    PROGRAMMED   ID                                     ORGID
gateway-control-plane   True         <konnect-control-plane-id>             <your-konnect-ord-id>
```

> Having that in place, you will be able to reference the `gateway-control-plane` in your Konnect entities as their parent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having that in place, you will be able to reference the `gateway-control-plane` in your {{site.konnect_product_name}} entities as their parent.
```
